{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Meeting Log 2\
\
Time 			11:00-11:40 GMT+1   2023.6.9  Thursday \
\
Members			All group members\
\
Platform			Zoom\
\
Contents:\
1.Project brainstorming\
For details:https://rahulrajrajan.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/RE/pages/1146883/Project+Brainstorming\
All members can update their great ideas and preferred roles via this page. \
\
2.Discussing for the presentation 1 and 2\
\
Tips:\
\
1.On 13th,June(Tuesday), there will be a meeting with Negin around 4pm Dublin time.\
\
2. Our group meeting will on 12th, 11am (Dublin time). Generally it happens every Monday and Thursday.\
\
3. Our presentation for Pre 1 and Pre 2 will on 15th, the exactly time is to be confirmed.\
All of us have to participate it.\
\
\
}